Our index handlers put together.
So let's write out a quick test or two just to make sure that this thing is working as expected.
Instead of my test directory, I'll make a new file of index tests at the very top.
I'm going to add in a couple of different imports for some things that we're definitely going to need
inside of here.
So first, we probably need request from super test.
We probably need our express application from up to directories app.
And then we are probably going to have to create some different orders and tickets.
So I'm going to import the order model and the ticket model as well.
I'll get order first from up to directories.
Models order.
And same thing for ticket.
I'll then write out a single test case here.
Really just going to do one single test where we're going to make sure that we can find a list of orders
successfully.
So I'll put together an ID statement and I'll give it a description.
Something like it fetches orders or a particular user.
Testing out this route handler is going to be a little bit more complicated than it might seem at first
glance.
The only reason for that is that we write out a test.
We probably want to make sure that we only find orders that belong to the user who is making the request.
In addition, we're going to make sure that when we ever we get a response, we also fetch and supply
the associated ticket as well.
So let me show you how we're going to ride out this test.
I'm going to write a couple of comments just to guide us as we go through it.
So inside of here, I'm going to first create three tickets.
So we're going to make three separate tickets, say them to the database.
We're going to create these tickets using the ticket model right here directly, because remember,
we do not have any kind of request handler or anything like that inside of our app right now that we
can use to manually create a ticket.
The only way we can create a ticket is through the ticket model.
After that, we're then going to create one order as user number one.
And then create two orders as user number two.
So for these three tickets, we're going to create three separate orders.
One ticket is going to be reserved by user number one, and two tickets will be reserved by user number
two.
We're then going to make a request and try to fetch all the different orders or specifically user number
So I'm going to write out a quick comment for that, I'll say.
Make requests.
To get orders for user number two.
And then when we get that list of orders, we're going to write out an expectation to make sure that
we got the two orders we had created right there, but not the first order that we had created for user
number one, because that's really the key to this request.
Handler We want to make sure that we only fetch orders for the user who is making the request.
So the actual expectation down here is to make sure we only got the orders for user number two.
Now, the only reason I'm writing all these comments is that this test is going to be pretty large in
nature.
There's going be a lot of code here.
We could definitely try to figure out some way to split this into multiple separate tests, but I think
just writing it out all inside of one test is going to be just fine.
Okay.
So with all that in mind, let's get to it.
First thing we're going to do is create three tickets using our ticket model.
We could write out the ticket build method right here three times.
Instead, I'm going to create a little helper function just to make it a little bit easier and concise
to create these three tickets.
So right above the block, I'll write out Build Ticket.
And then inside of here, I'm going to create a ticket.
With tickets built.
I'll give it a title of concert.
In a price of 20.
Well, then do an a wait ticket.
Save.
And then return the ticket itself.
I'll make sure that I mark the enclosing function as a sync.
And now down inside of my actual test, I can call that bill ticket function three times.
So I'll do ticket one.
Is a wait filled ticket.
And then copy paste that down twice and I'll change the names to take it to.
And Ticket three.
All right.
Not that bad.
So there's our three tickets.
Next up, we're going to try to create our three different orders, one as user one and two as user
two.
Definitely going to want to be able to make follow up requests as user number two.
And that means that we're going to end up having to store the cookie that we get back from calling that
global sign in function so we can make a follow up request as user number two later on.
So right above that first comment, I'll say user one is global sign in.
We don't actually have to make a follow up request as user one.
Nonetheless, I'm going to store this in a variable just so we can really understand where we are using
each of these different users.
Then User two will also be global sign in.
So now we can very easily make requests with as either user one or user number two.
Okay.
So now we're going to create an order as user number one.
We're going to make sure that we do this making a request through our express application as opposed
to creating an order directly with the user model.
The reason for that is that, remember, it's kind of hard for us to extract the ID of a particular
user directly from this cookie that we just created.
So it's going to be a lot easier to kind of correlate the orders right here that are being created along
with the follow up request.
If we just use a cookie directly as opposed to creating the.
Different.
Orders using the order model.
Okay.
So first we'll do an await request to app.
We're going to do a post to API orders.
And we'll set our cookie.
To a user one.
And we're going to send along with this a ticket ID of ticket one ID.
And then we're going to expect to get a201 out of that.
So we should be able to successfully reserve ticket one for user one.
All right.
So that's it for user number one.
We're now going to repeat this process twice for user number two.
I'm going to just copy that entire block right there and then paste it down here twice.
Then for user two's first request, I'll make sure that I update the cookie to user two and user two's
first request is going to try to reserve ticket.
To.
Then on the second one, we'll update the cookie to user two.
And in this one, we're going to try to reserve ticket three like so.
All right.
So now, in theory, our entire, entire data model is complete.
We should have everything properly associated and saved inside of our database.
So now we can make a request to get all the orders for user number two and then write out some expectation
about the data that we get back in response.
So we'll put inside of Here Comes Response is a wait request to app.
We want to make a request to the index handler we just put together.
So that will be a get request to API orders.
So we'll do a get to API orders and we really want to make sure that we make this request as specifically
user number two.
So we will set our cookie to user to.
We're going to expect to get back at 200.
And then we'll take a look at the response and make sure it's got the appropriate information inside
of it.
So right now, how about we just do a console log of response body and then we'll figure out how to
best write out some expectations.
I'm going to save this.
Let's flip back over to our terminal and see how we're doing.
All right.
So looks good so far.
I don't see any errors around the index test.
And I do see a console log right here that definitely has only two orders inside of it.
And inside of each of these orders, I see the embedded ticket as well.
So let's say this is off to a good start.
Okay.
So let's now go back over and let's start to write out an expectation or two.
So I'm going to write out expect response body to have length.
Two.
So that's going to make sure that we only got back two tickets.
In addition, we should probably make sure that the we got back to orders.
We should probably make sure the two orders we got were the correct orders as well.
So I'm going to try to save a reference to the response we get back when we create these two orders.
So we know the IDs of those two orders and we can write out some kind of comparison or expectation and
make sure that we got the two correct ones.
So I'm going to write out.
Response one.
In response to now calling these responses response one and response two.
Yeah, it would technically work, but that's kind of confusing to see response one, response two and
then another variable down here called response.
So instead we're going to de structure just the data.
We care about these responses and as we structure it, we're also going to rename the variable as well.
Let me show you what I mean.
For the first request right here for user number two, I'm going to delete response one.
And the only thing we care about out of here is the body property, right?
Because that's the actual order that we are being sent back.
Same thing on the second one as well.
But we cannot just have body in both cases, so we need to somehow structure these things and simultaneously
rename them at the same time.
To do so, we're going to put in body, then a colon, and then order one.
And order to like so.
So this is two steps in.
One, we are de structuring out the body property off the response we get back from the request.
And we are simultaneously renaming that body property to order one.
So now we've got a variable of order one that we can access in the rest of this test.
And it's going to be equal to the response we got back where the body the response we got back from
this first request right here.
So order one really should be well in order object.
And we can confirm that very easily if we just do a console log down here of order one.
I'm going to save the file, pull it back over and we'll take a look at what gets console logged.
So.
Yep.
There we are right there.
That is definitely my order.
Okay.
So now we can delete that console log and write out some expectations to make sure that we got the correct
orders back inside of our response.
So I'll do an expect response.
Top body.
At zero.
I want to take a look at the ID and I want to make sure that it's equal.
To order one's ID.
I'll then copy paste that.
On this next one, I'll update order body to one and I want to make sure that is equal to order two's
ID.
I'm going to save that flip back over.
And there we go.
Everything's passing.
All right.
A little bit of a longer test here, but it definitely works.
Optionally, we can also take a look at the ticket that was embedded on both these as well.
So if we wanted to do that, we could write out an exact four response.
Body zero ticket ID.
We'll make sure that equals.
Ticket to side.
And then the next one will be ticket three.
ID is specifically going to be ticket two because order one had a reference to ticket two.
So we put inside of here.
Ticket to ID.
And then I'll do another copy paste there.
Update it to body at one.
Make sure the second ticket inside their.
As an ID equal to ticket three ID.
All right, one last test here.
So I'll save the file.
Flip back over.
And we're looking good as usual.
We might want to just make this fail just to make sure all the tests are actually working and it's actually
reloading this file properly.
So I'll find one of the expect for the status code.
Change it to a 500.
We run the test.
And okay, definitely looks good.
So I'll change that back over to 200 again.
I'm just doing that to make sure that the test suite is actually updating and it's actually properly
running our test.
All right.
Well, that's it for our index route handler.
Now, I apologize for the length.
This video could have been a little bit shorter, but I figured might as well get it all done in just
one single video.
So let's take a pause right here, and we're going to take a look at our next route handler in just
a moment.